
 Logging


 a) Log all tasks
 

 b) Select relevant tasks.

   Since the final set of supply and transport tasks are not
   deterministic, we needed to select the top level set of tasks
   (which are supposed to be deterministic). 

    Our observations indicate that all withdraw (and project withdraw)
    tasks have supply (or project supply) tasks as parents, and
    Maintain Inventory tasks as ultimate ancestors.  (Transport tasks,
    correspondingly, are derived from DetermineRequirements). This is
    an indirect method of ascertaining which tasks are the
    deterministic top level 

    Relevant tasks are tasks of type Supply, ProjectSupply, and
    Transport whose Parent tasks are not themselves Supply,
    ProjectSupply, or Transport.


 c) Use the relevant tasks from the first base run to derive the RDD

 d) Create a base line set. 

    The base line set contains the minimum and maximum values for
    start dates, end dates, and quantities for a task in the base line
    runs. 

    There are some issues about correlating the same tasks from
    different runs. The transport tasks seem to be fairly
    consistent, but supply tasks seem to vary from run to run.

    We select a number of properties to allow us to identify the same
    task in different runs -- we match on agent id, verb, NSNnumber,
    preferred end date, preferred star date, preferred quantity,
    origination location, and destination. 

    We also compute the score for theminimum and maximum values for
    the start dates, end dates, and quantities, and store the maximum
    score for each of the tasks in the baseline for each of these 3
    characteristics.

 e) Then, for the stressed runs, we also calculate the score for start
    dates, end dates, and quantities. If the task did not produce a
    plan element, a NULL is entered as the score to keep track of
    tasks that failed to complete. 

 f) The completion table is created by correlating the tasks from the
    base line tables and the stressed run, and noting the cases where
    the stressed case score was higher than the maximum baseline score
    for the same quantity. In cases where the score for the stressed
    case is higher, the plan is deemed to be incorrect.
 
 g) Finally, we calculate the total number of relevant tasks, the
    total number of relevant supply tasks, and the total number of
    relevant transport tasks. We calculate the percentage of tasks
    that complete (and thus have non null scores), separately for
    supply, transport, and total tasks.

 h) Then, for all tasks that complete, we calculate the percentage
    that completed correctly, separately for supply and transport
    tasks, and also for the total tasks. 

